here we go ladies and gentlemen The
Mummy in the rain against erect JC you
saw how the maari's won the Southwest
tag-team championship now Rick Kasey has
got his hands full with the mummy as the
mummy kicks Kasey out on the floor I
want to tell you that this wrestling
program is the exclusive property of
Southwest Championship Russert
incorporated any reproduction of the
pitchers description or accounts of this
wrestling program without the express
written permission of southwestern it's
officially incorporated his for hittin
it by law Casey back in the ring a mummy
pounds on his head now the mummy with
that big boot and that is a big boot
there's 325 pounds behind it
mommy has Casey up I don't see him down
in the center of the Ring
on the in behind the Rick Casey
there's a kick to the top of the head of
the mummy
every case is kind enough to let me back
there's no way is that Monday
money laughing on Rick Casey
he knocks a little dust out of that
uniform a tropic mummys snagger the
mummy with the second drop kick his
knock back into the corner
gazing right there where they're going
for the Bulldog Casey Bulldogs The Mummy
he's trying to roll him over
JC housing no the shoulders aren't all
the way down the Mummy's going to be
this bonafide it's Casey comes out mummy
he was going for the victory of the
Mary's come on dad go to the boy comes
out and calls a mom they don't because
South West championship lesson will
return with a
Joanne Kevin Sullivan right after this